----------------------Questions----------------------

Q-1. Write a Program to display "Hello World" on Screen.
Q-2. Write a Program to check whether entered number is positive or negative.
Q-3. Write a Program to check whether number is even or odd.
Q-4. Write a Program to convert temperature from Celcius to Farenheit.
Q-5. Write a Program to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
Q-6. Write a Program to calculate Simple and Compound interest.
Q-7. Write a Program to check whether the year entered is a leap year or not.
Q-8. Write a program to check whether entered character is vowel, consonant or number.
Q-9. Write a Program to display the characters for the ASCII value and vice versa.
Q-10. Write a Program to display size of Integer, Floating Point and Character using size of operator.
Q-11. Write a Program to swap two numbers with and without using third variable.
Q-12. Write a Program to find greatest of three numbers using if-else and ternery operator (Both).
Q-13. Write a Program to calculate area of circle, triangle, square, rectangle or parallelogram based on user's choice.
Q-14. Write a Program to design a simple calculator.
Q-15. Write a Program to print first 10 natural numbers.
Q-16. Write a Program to print table of a number.
Q-17. Write a Program to check whether given number is prime or not.
Q-18. Write a Program to calculate factorial of a number.
Q-19. Write a Program to calculate primes between 1 to 100.
Q-20. Write a Program to print first n odd numbers and their sum.
Q-21. Write a Program to print Fibonacci Series (in numbers).
Q-22. Write a Program to print given patterns - 
      *                *
      **              * *
      ***            * * *
      ****          * * * *
Q-23. Write a Program to swap two numbers using Call by Value and Call by Reference.
Q-24. Write a Program to find factorial of a number using recursion.
Q-25. Write a Program to show usage of logical and bitwise operator.
Q-26. Write a Program to find sum of geometric series.
Q-27. Write a recursive Program to print first m fibonacci numbers.
Q-28. Write a Program to calculate cube of a number using function.
Q-29. Write a Program to check whether the entered number is armstrong or not.
Q-30. Write a Program to read array elements and print them with addresses.
Q-31. Write a Program to perform linear search on an array.
Q-32. Write a Program for Binary Search.
Q-33. Write a Program to find maximum and minimum elements of an array.
Q-34. Write a Program to find the second largest element of an array.
Q-35. Write a Program to access elements of a 2 dimensional array and print the sum of all the elements in that array.
Q-36. Write a menu driven Program for the matrices and do the following operations using the matrices :
      (a) Addition of 2 matrices
      (b) Subtraction of 2 matrices
      (c) Product of 2 matrices
      (d) Transpose of a matrix
      (e) Upper and lower triangular matrix
Q-37. Write a Program to use library string functions.
Q-38. Write a Program to find length of a string without using user defined function.
Q-39. Write a Program to reverse a string using user defined function.
Q-40. Write a Program to copy a string using user defined function.
Q-41. Write a Program to count number of words in a string using user defined function.
Q-42. Write a Program to concatenate two strings using user defined function.
Q-43. Write a Program to check whether the entered string is Palindrome or not using user defined function.
Q-44. Write a Program to count number of uppercase, lowercase, digits and special characters in a string.
Q-45. Write a Program to sort a list of strings into alphabetical order.
Q-46. Write a recursive Program for Towers of Hanoi Problem.
Q-47. Write a Program to use pointer to a pointer.
Q-48. Write a Program to increment/decrement a pointer.